## [0.0.2.README-ERROR-workflow_refactor](https://github.com/JessicaDosseh/Omega-Expo/blob/master/DOCUMENTATION/0.0.2.README-ERROR-workflow_refactor.md)

> [PULL REQUEST OVERVIEW](https://github.com/JessicaDosseh/Omega-Bundle/pull/1)

# Overview

I want this project to be maintainable and have reusable components that work across multiple platforms, but maybe I'm just overthinking things :/

I guess I should take it one step at a time then clean it up.

Also, I think I have a solution to the expo not running problem.
The first thing we would need to do is build out the expo app then connect the web app as a sub repo this process seems to work; both expo app and web are able to run and call from the common package. However, I think there might be some state management issues further down the line.

---

# [Step 1.](https://github.com/JessicaDosseh/Omega-Expo/pull/1/commits/6ffe2bc2ac6ba87237506936a032cbbf4a1b126d)

Add Omega-Web-App as a submodule

- [ ] Purpose: The reason for this is because there are some issues when it comes to reinitializing the node_module. If you build the web and add expo, it does not work because the node_module does not seem to want to add the expo module when initializing. However, if you build the expo app and add the react-web app, the node_module appears to work fine.

---

# ISSUES

# [Step 4.](https://github.com/JessicaDosseh/Omega-Expo/pull/1/commits/aff0123093af5ba81fd941228a18e391ba6f210a)

> > As of right now, the react web components seem to be working well in expo-web.

React components are not currently rendering on mobile. I'm assuming that this has to do with the fact that it's not set up natively. This is my first time attempting to use react-native so I have to do some research to see how to set this up.
